What do I know?
I have a fiancee's eldest sister
Let's get down to business
It just so happens that I have something to do with her too
It's right up front, right?
Hey
Chen Yilong is powerful
Can you bring these two people?
Just wait and see.
Since it was introduced by Miss Mu
Then I can't treat you well.
Thank you boss chen
This tiger pendant
When I was a child, my grandfather
I saw it in a book I carried with me
Grandpa also said
It is the symbol of our Ye family's core guard
true or false?
As expected of Uncle Yuan, the male lead is fast
In Uncle Yuan
Ye Chen became a younger brother of Chen Yilong
In the duel between Qin Mengyao and Chen Yilong
Chan Yilong's people have lost
Ye Chen went out to defeat Qin Mengyao's people
Get the appreciation of Chan Yilong
By the way, let Qin Mengyao be impressed
Finally, Qin Mengyao knew Ye Chen's identity
Loyalty is the Lord
I'm going to let you Yechen make a trip for nothing today